Rulesets
/
New branch ruleset
Protect your most important branches
Rulesets define whether collaborators can delete or force push and set requirements for any pushes, such as passing status checks or a linear commit history.

Ruleset Name
*
Enforcement status
Bypass list
Exempt roles, teams, agents, apps, and users from this ruleset by adding them to the bypass list.
Bypass list is empty
Target branches
Which branches should be matched?
Branch targeting criteria
Branch targeting has not been configured
Rules
Which rules should be applied?
Branch rules

Restrict creations
Only allow users with bypass permission to create matching refs.

Restrict updates
Only allow users with bypass permission to update matching refs.

Restrict deletions
Only allow users with bypass permissions to delete matching refs.

Require linear history
Prevent merge commits from being pushed to matching refs.

Require deployments to succeed
Choose which environments must be successfully deployed to before refs can be pushed into a ref that matches this rule.

Require signed commits
Commits pushed to matching refs must have verified signatures.

Require a pull request before merging
Require all commits be made to a non-target branch and submitted via a pull request before they can be merged.

Require status checks to pass
Choose which status checks must pass before the ref is updated. When enabled, commits must first be pushed to another ref where the checks pass.

Block force pushes
Prevent users with push access from force pushing to refs.

Require code scanning results
Choose which tools must provide code scanning results before the reference is updated. When configured, code scanning must be enabled and have results for both the commit and the reference being updated.

Require code quality results
Choose which severity levels of code quality results should block pull request merges. When configured, a code quality analysis must be done on the pull request before the changes can be merged.

Restrict code coverage
Enforce minimum code coverage thresholds on pull requests. When configured, uploaded coverage data must meet the specified criteria before changes can be merged.

Automatically request Copilot code review
Request Copilot code review for new pull requests automatically if the author has access to Copilot code review and their premium requests quota has not reached the limit.
